README.md, before:

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

# DontFundMe

## Table of Contents
- [Description](#project-description)
- [Installation](#installation)
- [Images](#images)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
- [Contact](#github)

## Project Description

DontFundMe is a crowdfunding app that allows user to share their stories and get helped by friends, family, and even strangers! While allowing users to get the help they need, they can also help others by donating to other projects from other users. 

## Installation
Tools Needed:

1. Terminal (MacOS) or
   [GitBash](https://gitforwindows.org/) (Windows)
2. Have a Github account (Not Required)
3. Install text editor of your choice (e.g. VSCode, Atom, etc.)
4. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
5. Install [MySql](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-installation-excerpt/5.7/en/)

How to view the project:

1. Navigate in terminal/gitbash where you want to save the project
2. Clone the project via HTTPS or SSH link found in my GitHub repo 
3. After entering the command 'git clone [HTTPS/SSH Link]' in terminal, use command 'code .' to open the project in your default text editor
4. Change directory so you are inside the employee-tracker folder and run the following commands: 
5. In terminal, use command "npm install" to install dependencies
6. To create your database, run mysql in your terminal and use the command "source db/schema.sql" to create the table for the database
7. Use command "node seeds/index.js" to populate the table 
8. Finally, use command "node server.js" to run the project

## Images
![alt text](/images/landingpage.PNG)
![alt text](/images/projects.PNG)
![alt text](/images/dashboard.PNG)

## License
This Project is under the MIT License

# Contributors
## Jose Pascual
- [Link to Github](https://www.github.com/plotinusspascual)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-plotinuss-pascual/)

## Baofeng Guo
- [Link to Github](https://www.github.com/plotinusspascual)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-plotinuss-pascual/)

## Bradley Le
- [Link to Github](https://www.github.com/plotinusspascual)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-plotinuss-pascual/)

## Questions
If you have anyquestions please feel free to email me
- [plotinusspascual@gmail.com](plotinusspascual@gmail.com)

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.

Commit message:

added the edit project.js

README.md, after:

![License: MIT](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-MIT-yellow.svg)

# DontFundMe

## Table of Contents
- [DontFundMe](#dontfundme)
  - [Table of Contents](#table-of-contents)
  - [Project Description](#project-description)
  - [Installation](#installation)
  - [Images](#images)
  - [License](#license)
- [Contributors](#contributors)
  - [Jose Pascual](#jose-pascual)
  - [Baofeng Guo](#baofeng-guo)
  - [Bradley Le](#bradley-le)
  - [Questions](#questions)

## Project Description

DontFundMe is a crowdfunding app that allows user to share their stories and get helped by friends, family, and even strangers! While allowing users to get the help they need, they can also help others by donating to other projects from other users. 

## Installation
Tools Needed:

1. Terminal (MacOS) or
   [GitBash](https://gitforwindows.org/) (Windows)
2. Have a Github account (Not Required)
3. Install text editor of your choice (e.g. VSCode, Atom, etc.)
4. Install [NodeJS](https://nodejs.org/en/)
5. Install [MySql](https://dev.mysql.com/doc/mysql-installation-excerpt/5.7/en/)

How to view the project:

1. Navigate in terminal/gitbash where you want to save the project
2. Clone the project via HTTPS or SSH link found in my GitHub repo 
3. After entering the command 'git clone [HTTPS/SSH Link]' in terminal, use command 'code .' to open the project in your default text editor
4. Change directory so you are inside the employee-tracker folder and run the following commands: 
5. In terminal, use command "npm install" to install dependencies
6. To create your database, run mysql in your terminal and use the command "source db/schema.sql" to create the table for the database
7. Use command "node seeds/index.js" to populate the table 
8. Finally, use command "node server.js" to run the project

## Images
![alt text](/images/landingpage.PNG)
![alt text](/images/projects.PNG)
![alt text](/images/dashboard.PNG)

## License
This Project is under the MIT License

# Contributors
## Jose Pascual
- [Link to Github](https://www.github.com/plotinusspascual)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-plotinuss-pascual/)

## Baofeng Guo
- [Link to Github](https://github.com/magickw)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/bfguo/)

## Bradley Le
- [Link to Github](https://www.github.com/plotinusspascual)
- [Link to LinkedIn](https://www.linkedin.com/in/jose-plotinuss-pascual/)

## Questions
If you have anyquestions please feel free to email me
- [plotinusspascual@gmail.com](plotinusspascual@gmail.com)

© 2021 Trilogy Education Services, LLC, a 2U, Inc. brand. Confidential and Proprietary. All Rights Reserved.
